In this section, we will add special effects for our game. Let's consider a system for creating them in unreal - Niagara.
The course is not devoted to special effects, so we will consider it at a minimum level.
We will be interested in the c ++ part: how to spawn effects, how to remove them, and so on.
We will also use design materials from the shooter game project.
Let's create the effects of traces of bullets, a trace effect, effects of a flash from the muzzle of a weapon.
Consider physical materials. The special effects will differ depending on the surface we fall into.
Let's replace the death animation with the physical relaxation of the model. For the launcher, we will also have our own effects:
the explosion effect and the trace effect from the projectile. Let's add effects when damaging the character: a
red screen and camera shake. When the character dies, we will add black and white posprocessing to the camera in spectator mode.
There will be no homework in this section, because the topics are quite diverse.